It is important to structure your data, analysis programs, and results in format that enables simplicity, easy documentation, and reproducibility. Much has been written on this topic. I recommend at least reading this [article](http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000424) about structuring and documenting computational research projects.

We use a similar system for organizing project directories. I'll add more to this note later as time allows, but minimally, a project directory should look like this:
```bash
[capraja@chgr2 sirtuins]$ ll
total 2
drwxrwx---+ 2 capraja capra_lab 2048 Apr 13 13:25 bin
drwxrwx---+ 5 capraja capra_lab  512 May  5 13:23 data
-rw-rw----+ 1 capraja capra_lab   58 May 21 00:53 README
drwxrwx---+ 8 capraja capra_lab  512 Sep  6 18:55 results
drwxrwx---+ 3 capraja capra_lab  512 Apr 16 00:49 temp
```

It should have three directories: 
- ```bin/``` for analysis scripts and programs
- ```data/``` for data files specific to the project 
- ```results/``` for results generated by programs in bin/. Each analysis should have its own descriptively named directory.

Note: ```/dors/capra_lab/data/``` contains many data sets that are of broad utility. Do not duplicate data that are already available there. Also, if your project requires data that you think might be of broader use, put it there. If you are uncertain email me.

Also, subdirectories should contain READMEs that explain the contents and origin of the files and (in the case of results) the commands used to generate the result files.

**In short, think whether after reading about a result in EverNote I would be able to go to ACCRE and find the results described without asking you. If not, something is wrong.** In principle, I don't mind minor deviations from this layout, but there better be a good reason and it better respect the above rule.


For projects that multiple people are working on, the project directory should be in ```/dors/capra_lab/projects/```. If it is a project that only you work on, it is probably best to start with it in your own directory on DORS. 

See the Git Tutorial for information about using version control with your files.
